class variations are:
1.  Hunter: Asbrand Shadowbrace,
2.  Elementalist: Xorag Stormreaver,
3.  Theif: brat mi tam si,      
4.  Engineer: brat mi tam si,   
5.  Necromancer: brat mi tam si,
6.  Guardian: brat mi tam si,   
7.  Revenant: somebody,
8.  Mesmer: somebody
    
Short hand, I think that each class can have masteries, and depending on the points you have invested on the specified skill tree, you will earn spells or minions

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 LISTEN
Elem...     1) Fire: A Variaty of mage and shaman
            2) Water: Summoning healing minions and healing spells
            3) Earth: Taunts, monsters that deal damage on a last hit by 'em minion (inflict damage)
            4) Air: Windfury, Chance of dodging enemy attack, immune to enemy champion's spells, blocking barriers that stop the enemies from attack the player
        
Hunter... 1) Trap master,
          2) Wilderness Survival- taunts, swarm of animals, poison...
          3) Skimrishing
          4) Markmanship
          
make templates for the user class
cantrip,,arcane,signet,glyph,shout,magic skills,overload attunements
FIRE____$blinding ashes, $burning rage, 
$burning fire: gain 3 damage with your hero if you have condition on you
$pyromancer training: if you cast a fire spell increase this minion gains +1 attack
AIR___give a minion windfury(one with air), zephyr boon(grant shield to one minion)
tempest defence, bolt to the heart, lighting rod, earth's embrace, elemental shielding, strength of stone(gain damage with the character based on your armor) diamond skin
WATER___piercing shards, (MINION)(healing ripple, aquatic benevolence),
Shaman of the Caledon-> at the start of each turn heal a random card or your character
earth shield: increase health while with the weapon and defence,
flame axe:  increase the power of fire abilities
frost bow: increase the healing effect with 2 
hammer: windfury
greatsword: have the ability to deal damage to everyone, can charge the hero/minion

HUNTER
create beast companion which can have its abilities with each be different, attack with a bow, trap:immobiles attacked enemy, deal damage to everyone, summon a taunt if your hero is attacked
focus: give bonus to cards if your mana is spent
requiem: minions killed by ally
    
on level based earn new spells!!!

Test of faith: randomly choose - Summon Viggo-> stops enemy minions from attacking dealing 10 damage to each one, can't attack, cannot be targeted by spells
-Summon Vassar to guard from attaks of spells at the end of each turn inclict vulnerable to the enemy hero and random bleeding to a random enemy card, can't attack
-Kasha Blackblood-> if your enemy summons a minion kasha recieves his speciality
when casting test of faith you lose half your mana and half your health


shamancaledon, grawTrapper